but i ba ba ba ba da ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba
jimmy kimmel live alerts hi I'm Jimmy
thank you for joining me during corona
gedan this is day what 75 you know I've
been thinking about everything about
who's most affected by the quarantine in
a positive way and it occurred to me
that there is an has never been a better
time to be under house arrest than right
now the only difference between us and
them is a bracelet on the ankle I hope
you are safe and healthy staying in your
home I want to wish a happy birthday to
my mother Joan we call her mom if you
see her tell her to go back in the house
happy birthday mom I got you everything
on your Amazon wishlist Charmin Purell
and two cans of garbanzo beans so live
it up tonight you know it seems possible
we could be cooped up for quite some
time the government is now saying this
collapsed 18 months or longer which I am
not sure how many rolls of toilet paper
that is but I know I don't have them 18
months of quarantine means we are about
to see a lot of our friends real hair
color but it does go on this long I'm
gonna need to figure out a way that
generate some advertising money you know
you can't pull off a top-quality
production like this for nothing and so
with that I'm said I'm thrilled to
announce I've lined up my first sponsor
and it is lentils often forgotten but
never disappointing lentils are a
versatile legume use them in soup use
them in pilaf however you like lentils
you can be sure they'll still be good in
18 months
these actually expired in 2018 but guess
what I'm gonna eat them anyway don't go
mental get some lentil okay I just want
to be out of this house before Blue Ivy
graduates medical school but the good
news is our president has it all under
control remember this when Trump walked
up the stairs of Air Force One with
toilet paper on her shoe well we all
have to share that piece of toilet paper
now that belongs to all of us but our
fearless Mis leader believes the
prognosis is good today he tweeted we
are going to win sooner rather than
later
what does that even mean what are we
gonna win we can't even fight eggs
what are we winning and he's really
going all-in with this Chinese virus
nonsense and his press briefing today
someone got a shot of his notes very
close-up you can see he crossed out the
word Corona and wrote Chinese instead
which means even his speechwriter was
like I'm not writing that you want it
you change it yourself somebody needs to
take his sharpie away I've really had
enough of this guy you know what just
shut up already and let the doctors take
over seriously you Trump the shark go
away hand it over to Mike Pence go sit
in your room at mar-a-lago and scream at
the television all day we're tired of
all the winning and he's not the only
idiot out there yesterday I mentioned
that some of our parents and
grandparents I'm the older generation it
needs to take this more seriously it
turns out a lot of young people are
still out there going at it - in Florida
Spring Breakers have vowed to stay on
the beaches and continue to party
Colonna I get Corona at the end of the
day I'm not gonna stop me from party
where have you gone jaws our nation
turns its lonely eyes to you I guess if
you survived eating Tide Pods you feel
like you could survive anything but if
was there any doubt that Florida was
gonna be the one to eventually end the
world and as if that all isn't horrible
enough the act of trying to slow the
spread of this virus is also slowing our
download speeds Netflix today announced
a 30-day reduction in streaming quality
across Europe because the EU asked them
to conserve bandwidth by not running
shows in high definition the reason I
asked Netflix specifically is because
they were too embarrassed to ask pornhub
but from now on Netflix users on
odd-numbered days you can watch Frankie
and on even-numbered days you can watch
grace this is big this is a big thing
especially if it happens here we can't
lose Netflix we already lost chill
please if you must look at pornography
go find a Playboy in the woods like we
did in the olden times I have to believe
somewhere the former CEO of blockbuster
is clenching his fists and muttering I
tried to warn you people
didn't listen tomorrow by the way at my
house and hopefully yours we will be
doing something my wife came up with
it's called formal Friday this is where
you get dressed up for dinner even if
you're alone with your family whatever
but let's make it special put on the tux
or a suit maybe an evening gown pour
yourself a nice glass of wine put on
some music and maybe dance with your
partner six feet apart like a homecoming
dance at a religious high school and
share the videos and photos of your
formal Friday with the hashtag formal
Friday get out of that bathrobe put on
your finest smoking jacket if those
still exist for me it'll be the first
time I've worn pants this week and just
because we're stuck at home doesn't mean
we can't visit with friends virtually so
joining us now via the magic of the
interweb I would like you to please say
hello to Julia louis-dreyfus dare she
yes hi how are you I've never been
better the family is good everyone's
holding up okay everything's holding up
okay the only bad news what well the
lighting is better in my bathroom oh
okay and to set this all up in the
bathroom because I've got white tiles
and that gives a bounce right but we
don't evidently there's not a router
close to the computer so it doesn't work
with this whole system so oh you know I
do and maybe this is something you want
to talk to your plumber about I lift the
top off the tank I have a router right
there next to that ball and you have to
mess with the chain every once in a
while and it gives me a great signal
that's where I do my best work are you
talking about in the toilet yeah yeah
you don't want it out on the open I have
one in the toilet oh you do
okay evidently it's not strong enough
everyone is good your family is gathered
around staying indoors and doing all the
things we're supposed to do yes my two
young adult children are with us right
now and that's a very good thing
are you cooking for everyone are you the
center of the kitchen there I am and
it's irritating the hell out of me why
what do you do what's going on it's I
don't like to cook this much oh and it's
you know it's three grown man and myself
it's a lot of food I know you love to
cook I do you want to see something
I made some bread I baked this bread
what kind is that
focaccia it's great I'm gonna gain like
30 pounds over this they just kneading
bread well I'm a baker I love to bake
and that in fact I remember I made you a
pie once yes it was great
right so I'm making that again this
weekend because it's my husband's
birthday but but I've been forbidden
from baking because everybody is trying
to eat healthy you know we're all
cleaned up it's a real mess the whole
thing it's a mess cuz I would be making
carrot cake key lime pie you know the
whole orange cake I have amazing orange
cake recipe is it hard to make focaccia
oh by the way very easy this is a no
need recipe I think I got it on maybe
bone Appetit it's it's excellent
very simple you send me that I will
indeed I will I'll send you a loaf of
bread if you like what you do bread to
but I want to learn how to make that as
long as they don't have to do do you
have to get yeast and all this stuff you
do right you know just the instant Pappy
East it's easy it's very easy it
couldn't be more simple so have you been
going outside are you are you confined
or the running errands or what I'm going
outside
I'm do I mean I'm doing a few errands
but hyper carefully stuff I will tell
you that this one way I'm keeping my
sanity is by going out literally outside
and going for walks or hikes or you know
things like that and that really just
calms me down are you doing that's good
no I'm not doing that I don't believe in
exercise but I get dr2 in and out might
the closest thing I got
so that was I drove to in and out with
the kids they wanted hamburgers and by
the way in and out doesn't write they
wear gloves they do you don't have to
touch anything they're really set up
well over there so I went to in and out
but as I was at the stoplight
I was looking across at the bank and
there were there was an ATM machine
three guys in a row touching the ATM
machine with their bare fingers no
Purell taking the dirty money
no no regard for hygiene whatsoever okay
first of all I'm gonna go to the ATM
later and I'm gonna do it with rubber
gloves and I'm considering pure Elling
my ATM card although I'm in soon it
might deactivate it a probably lured
back to you about holding money yeah
yeah I've been boiling all my money and
then it makes a nice soup you know it's
I call it Oprah's soup are you watching
soup you binge watching anything are you
hunkered down in front of HBO or Netflix
er yes I'm I'm I'm well first of all pre
corona
I was watching I was late to this but I
was watching that DocuSign Netflix
called cheer have you seen it Jimmy
I saw a little bit of it it's it's not
for me but I could see what people like
about it okay well alright but let me
just explain to you you should watch the
same people made a show about communica
community college football it's called
last chance you it's heartbreaking and
fabulous and good all right good.you can
I leave a ball and I liked it so you're
you're a clean freak in general are you
hyper yeah good good very good I wash my
hands so so you know how I'm your
computer or your phone you can turn it
on by using your fingerprint yes
well I've washed away my fingerprints
yeah no kidding oh that's good tip for
criminals out there some of that Oprah
soup yeah yeah so that's so that doesn't
work anymore the other thing that's
happened is is that my phone and
whenever this is just so dumb but
whenever I get all glammed up you know
when back in the day when we used to do
Hollywood II things you know and right
up and gowns and things this damn phone
does not recognize me
when when you're I'm glad I stopped yeah
when I'm all dressed up it doesn't
recognize me which I think it's my
feelings you know because yeah I just
think that's a bummer it could also be a
compliment I don't know maybe you're
doing too good a job getting lambda yeah
I'm not gonna take it as a compliment
okay that's a good place you know what
you have to stay negative that's what
they say well I thank you for sharing
your experience and for really killing
some time away from the kids for me
because I'm hiding from them right now I
don't I have a couple of adult children
but they're off doing their own thing
and we just got this what's this thing
behind your head this art that is a Kurt
Vonnegut drawing screenprint
yes you can obtain those on on his
website and he's arrived at a fab thank
you I appreciate it yeah
it's good for quarantine it's a it is
quarantine friendly I like to think that
Kurt saw this coming well thank you
drivers before we go I do want to
mention yeah every day as we do this we
are going to select a charity or support
that charity I'll be making a donation
and today Julie you have selected the
charity for for today's presentation I
have Jimmy Kimmel and that charity is
feeding America
because they are fabulous and are very
much on top of supplying all the food
banks with food for those who especially
needed in this crisis who may not have
access to food or the means with which
to get food so we are supporting them
with our little silly conversation right
now that's right and our donations too
and you can donate that's right we will
donate and I thank you very much again I
will hope to see you soon in person and
when we can actually embrace Julia Louie
Dreyfus Thank You Julia thanks for
showing us your home you betcha
thanks for showing me yours thanks for
watching everybody we'll see you
tomorrow